Hey, guys, this is a and I welcome you to another Dorelle on this course on Druyun and this story,
we are going to see how to create a new file in Ruby.
New ones are created in Ruby using the new method of the five.
The new method except two arguments.
The first is the name of the file that you want to create, and the second is the mode in which you
want the file to open.
So if you talk about the syntax for how to open, how to create a new file, then that is it.
Right here you have to create an object file.
Then you have to write in file equal to file dot new and then you have to specify two parameters.
The first one is going to be the name of the file, along with the format in which, for example, if
you want to create a text file, if you want to create a PDF file or whatever you want to create, you
have to specify that up to the dot operator over here and then you have to write in the mode in which
you want to open this file.
So let me give you a quick example for how to create a file and where that file is going to get created
in your PC.
So just move want to them and here but you have to do is just create an object file.
Right, and file.
Darte.
New ad in the parameters you have to write in to do things, the first thing is the name of the file
along with the format.
So let's say I want to create a text file that is a text file.
And the second parameter is going to be the mode in which you want to open this file.
So let's say I want this file to be all right file.
So I want to give the right only access to this file.
So if I just run this code, you can see that it has run perfectly.
Now in your computer, just move on to the documents folder and in the documents folder, you can see
that you have got this file right over here.
And if you just go into the properties of that file, you can see that it has.
So I guess it is.
I should just open it.
And you can see that you have got this file, you can just open it with Microsoft Word as well if you
want to just go on search for another app and just go with Microsoft.
So this is a file that has been created with the name file and it has only the right access.
So that is basically how you can create a new file in Ruby.
And that is the simplest way of how to create a new file.
If you want to create a new file, let's say file one, just use the same command that is written over
here.
So just copy this.
Binsted Ohala just change its name to, let's say this time file start to run this code and you can
see that it has run perfectly.
Go back and you can see that now you have got a file folder as well.
So I guess that's it.
We have created two files in the next story.
We are going to see more on file.
So stay tuned for that.
Thank you so much for now.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.